OKTA-887854 - Integrator free plan dev doc updates (#5456)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/org-defaults/index.md

| LCM (Lifecycle Management)                                        | Manages the process of access to apps and resources over the lifecycle of a user. See [Overview of lifecycle management in the OIN](//docs/guides/oin-lifecycle-mgmt-overview/).                          |
| API AM (API Access Management)                 | Enables secure access control for your APIs using OAuth 2.0 and OIDC. See [API Access Management with Okta](/docs/concepts/api-access-management/).                       |
| Workflows                                   | Automates identity business processes without code. See [Okta Workflows](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-okta-workflows)                         |

## Integrator Free Plan org limitations

The Integrator Free Plan org has the following limitations:

| Org feature                                   | Limitation                                                           |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Availability                                  | Integrator free plan orgs don't expire. However, orgs will deactivate after 180 days of inactivity unless you submit an app to the OIN  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Availability                                  | Integrator free plan orgs don't expire. However, orgs deactivate after 180 days of inactivity unless you submit an app to the OIN  |
```

| Number of active users                        | 10                                                                   |
| Okta Org2Org app integration                  | Not available                                                        |
| Number of workflows                           | 5                                                                    |
| Email templates                               | Unavailable for editing                                              |
| Email automation                              | Not available                                            |
| Rate limits                                   | Limited per-minute rate limits. See [Management rate limits](/docs/reference/rl-global-mgmt/).                                             |

> | Admin email                                   | Only one business email can be associated with an Integrator free plan org.<br><br> **Note:** Some email addresses can't be used to sign up for the Integrator Free Plan orgs based on user location and other security considerations. Contact Okta Support for more information.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Admin email                                   | You can associate only one business email with an Integrator free plan org.<br><br> **Note:** Some email addresses can't be used to sign up for the Integrator Free Plan orgs based on user location and other security considerations. Contact Okta Support for more information.     |
```
